Oh or there's something moving
could I be a leopard cub
no no not enough spots to be a leopard
but it's definitely one of our cups oh
yes oh yes it's me my lion cub jumbo
Nima I love played hide and seek
I've been hiding from my sister for ages
and she still can't find me I'm going to
sneak up behind her and surprise her
right sis it's your turn
go on you gone hide and I'll come and
look for you
one two three four five six seven 99 100
coming ready or not
I know she's around here somewhere haha
found you
hey that was great fun
I love hide-and-seek wait where's mama
going
oh that's hiccups let's stop it come on
we don't want to lose her
oh dear I can't see anything through
this long grass Nima's sister begins to
worry
she can't see their mama don't forget to
look for her tail she said she would
hold it high above the graph so we will
always know where she is
baby they look this hot tail just like
she told us mama mama
wait for us we thought we'd lost you
thank goodness your tail is so long this
long grass may be great for hiding but
it's not good for finding but that's
perfect for their game of hide-and-seek
they just need to keep an eye out for
their Mama's tail so they don't lose her